# U1.W2: Responsive Design Reflection

* What is responsive web design? Do you like it?  Do you think it's a good practice? Why or why not?
  *   Responsive web design is considering all the different devices humans might use to view your website.  This includes different sized screens, different resolutions, and even different hardware limitations.  Designing responsively is not just a good practice, but a requirement to build something truly succesful in today's environment.  Every day the shift away from desktops and laptops towards mobile devices such as phones and tablets grows larger and larger.  Anyone that ignores responsive design is in denial about this shift in our society.
* How do you think smartphones and tablets have changed web design? How do you think new technology will change web design in the future?
  * Mobile platforms have created a new demand for simplicity.  On a mobile device the screen is much smaller so large blocks of small text are a pain to read and will be skipped.  Form submission has to be simple enough to do with one finger instead of two hands on a keyboard.  If I encounter a site that is designed for traditional desktop browsers on my phone it is very rare that I will stick around.  Not all these changes are negative however.  The ability to touch and move objects on a site gives birth to amazing opportunities for user interaction.  
* How do you think visually impaired people use the web? Can they? Should we design and development for them?
  * I assume visually impaired people use the web thru text to speech functionality.  They can use the web as long as the sites they are using support this functionality.  I'm not sure how well this technology works but it is definitely something we should design for.  I think the simplicity of sites that have good responsive design could make it easier to convert to speech. 
* What ideas and concepts have resonated with you when learning about the web and design? What seems stupid or doesn't make sense?
  * The idea of designing mobile first and moving back towards larger screens resonated with me while learning about responsive design.  It seems stupid pages look and behave differently in different browsers.  I get the fact that newer browsers will be able to support newer features but the idea that a page in the newest IE will be different than the newest Chrome seems stupid to me.  Maybe stricter standards could help this? Not sure. 
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.
